pdftohtml(1)                General Commands Manual               pdftohtml(1)



NAME
       pdftohtml  -  Portable Document Format (PDF) to HTML converter (version
       4.01)

SYNOPSIS
       pdftohtml [options] PDF-file HTML-dir

DESCRIPTION
       Pdftohtml converts Portable Document Format (PDF) files to HTML.

       Pdftohtml reads the PDF file, PDF-file, and places  an  HTML  file  for
       each page, along with auxiliary images in the directory, HTML-dir.  The
       HTML directory will be created; if it already  exists,  pdftohtml  will
       report an error.

CONFIGURATION FILE
       Pdftohtml  reads  a  configuration  file at startup.  It first tries to
       find the user's private config file, ~/.xpdfrc.  If that doesn't exist,
       it looks for a system-wide config file, typically /usr/local/etc/xpdfrc
       (but this location can be changed when pdftohtml is  built).   See  the
       xpdfrc(5) man page for details.

OPTIONS
       Many  of  the following options can be set with configuration file com-
       mands.  These are listed in square brackets with the description of the
       corresponding command line option.

       -f number
              Specifies the first page to convert.

       -l number
              Specifies the last page to convert.

       -z number
              Specifies  the  initial  zoom  level.  The default is 1.0, which
              means 72dpi, i.e., 1 point in the PDF file will be  1  pixel  in
              the  HTML.   Using  '-z 1.5', for example, will make the initial
              view 50% larger.

       -r number
              Specifies the resolution, in DPI, for background  images.   This
              controls the pixel size of the background image files.  The ini-
              tial zoom level is controlled by the '-z' option.  Specifying  a
              larger '-r' value will allow the viewer to zoom in farther with-
              out upscaling artifacts in the background.

       -skipinvisible
              Don't draw invisible text.  By default, invisible text (commonly
              used in OCR'ed PDF files) is drawn as transparent (alpha=0) HTML
              text.  This option tells pdftohtml  to  discard  invisible  text
              entirely.

       -allinvisible
              Treat  all  text as invisible.  By default, regular (non-invisi-
              ble) text is not drawn in the background image, and  is  instead
              drawn  with  HTML on top of the image.  This option tells pdfto-
              html to include the regular text in the  background  image,  and
              then draw it as transparent (alpha=0) HTML text.

       -opw password
              Specify  the  owner  password  for the PDF file.  Providing this
              will bypass all security restrictions.

       -upw password
              Specify the user password for the PDF file.

       -q     Don't print any messages or errors.  [config file: errQuiet]

       -cfg config-file
              Read config-file in place of ~/.xpdfrc or the system-wide config
              file.

       -v     Print copyright and version information.

       -h     Print usage information.  (-help and --help are equivalent.)

BUGS
       Some  PDF  files contain fonts whose encodings have been mangled beyond
       recognition.  There is no way (short of OCR) to extract text from these
       files.

EXIT CODES
       The Xpdf tools use the following exit codes:

       0      No error.

       1      Error opening a PDF file.

       2      Error opening an output file.

       3      Error related to PDF permissions.

       99     Other error.

AUTHOR
       The  pdftohtml software and documentation are copyright 1996-2019 Glyph
       & Cog, LLC.

SEE ALSO
       xpdf(1),  pdftops(1),  pdftotext(1),  pdfinfo(1),  pdffonts(1),  pdfde-
       tach(1), pdftoppm(1), pdftopng(1), pdfimages(1), xpdfrc(5)
       http://www.xpdfreader.com/



                                  18 Feb 2019                     pdftohtml(1)
