pdftopng(1)                                                        pdftopng(1)



NAME
       pdftopng  - Portable Document Format (PDF) to Portable Network Graphics
       (PNG) converter (version 3.04)

SYNOPSIS
       pdftopng [options] PDF-file PNG-root

DESCRIPTION
       Pdftopng converts  Portable  Document  Format  (PDF)  files  to  color,
       grayscale, or monochrome image files in Portable Network Graphics (PNG)
       format.

       Pdftopng reads the PDF file, PDF-file, and writes one PNG file for each
       page,  PNG-root-nnnnnn.png,  where  nnnnnn is the page number.  If PNG-
       root is '-', the image is sent to stdout (this is probably only  useful
       when converting a single page).

CONFIGURATION FILE
       Pdftopng reads a configuration file at startup.  It first tries to find
       the user's private config file, ~/.xpdfrc.  If that doesn't  exist,  it
       looks  for  a  system-wide config file, typically /usr/local/etc/xpdfrc
       (but this location can be changed when pdftopng  is  built).   See  the
       xpdfrc(5) man page for details.

OPTIONS
       Many  of  the following options can be set with configuration file com-
       mands.  These are listed in square brackets with the description of the
       corresponding command line option.

       -f number
              Specifies the first page to convert.

       -l number
              Specifies the last page to convert.

       -r number
              Specifies the resolution, in DPI.  The default is 150 DPI.

       -mono  Generate a monochrome image (instead of a color image).

       -gray  Generate a grayscale image (instead of a color image).

       -freetype yes | no
              Enable  or  disable  FreeType  (a TrueType / Type 1 font raster-
              izer).  This defaults to "yes".  [config file: enableFreeType]

       -aa yes | no
              Enable or disable font anti-aliasing.  This defaults  to  "yes".
              [config file: antialias]

       -aaVector yes | no
              Enable or disable vector anti-aliasing.  This defaults to "yes".
              [config file: vectorAntialias]

       -opw password
              Specify the owner password for the  PDF  file.   Providing  this
              will bypass all security restrictions.

       -upw password
              Specify the user password for the PDF file.

       -q     Don't print any messages or errors.  [config file: errQuiet]

       -v     Print copyright and version information.

       -h     Print usage information.  (-help and --help are equivalent.)

EXIT CODES
       The Xpdf tools use the following exit codes:

       0      No error.

       1      Error opening a PDF file.

       2      Error opening an output file.

       3      Error related to PDF permissions.

       99     Other error.

AUTHOR
       The pdftopng software and documentation are copyright 1996-2014 Glyph &
       Cog, LLC.

SEE ALSO
       xpdf(1),  pdftops(1),  pdftotext(1),  pdftohtml(1),  pdfinfo(1),   pdf-
       fonts(1), pdfdetach(1), pdftoppm(1), pdfimages(1), xpdfrc(5)
       http://www.foolabs.com/xpdf/



                                  28 May 2014                      pdftopng(1)
