pdftohtml(1)                                                      pdftohtml(1)



NAME
       pdftohtml  -  Portable Document Format (PDF) to HTML converter (version
       3.04)

SYNOPSIS
       pdftohtml [options] PDF-file HTML-dir

DESCRIPTION
       Pdftohtml converts Portable Document Format (PDF) files to HTML.

       Pdftohtml reads the PDF file, PDF-file, and places  an  HTML  file  for
       each page, along with auxiliary images in the directory, HTML-dir.  The
       HTML directory will be created; if it already  exists,  pdftohtml  will
       report an error.

CONFIGURATION FILE
       Pdftohtml  reads  a  configuration  file at startup.  It first tries to
       find the user's private config file, ~/.xpdfrc.  If that doesn't exist,
       it looks for a system-wide config file, typically /usr/local/etc/xpdfrc
       (but this location can be changed when pdftohtml is  built).   See  the
       xpdfrc(5) man page for details.

OPTIONS
       Many  of  the following options can be set with configuration file com-
       mands.  These are listed in square brackets with the description of the
       corresponding command line option.

       -f number
              Specifies the first page to convert.

       -l number
              Specifies the last page to convert.

       -r     Specifies  the  resolution,  in DPI, for background images.  The
              default is 150 DPI.

       -opw password
              Specify the owner password for the  PDF  file.   Providing  this
              will bypass all security restrictions.

       -upw password
              Specify the user password for the PDF file.

       -q     Don't print any messages or errors.  [config file: errQuiet]

       -cfg config-file
              Read config-file in place of ~/.xpdfrc or the system-wide config
              file.

       -v     Print copyright and version information.

       -h     Print usage information.  (-help and --help are equivalent.)

BUGS
       Some PDF files contain fonts whose encodings have been  mangled  beyond
       recognition.  There is no way (short of OCR) to extract text from these
       files.

EXIT CODES
       The Xpdf tools use the following exit codes:

       0      No error.

       1      Error opening a PDF file.

       2      Error opening an output file.

       3      Error related to PDF permissions.

       99     Other error.

AUTHOR
       The pdftohtml software and documentation are copyright 1996-2014  Glyph
       & Cog, LLC.

SEE ALSO
       xpdf(1),  pdftops(1),  pdftotext(1),  pdfinfo(1),  pdffonts(1),  pdfde-
       tach(1), pdftoppm(1), pdftopng(1), pdfimages(1), xpdfrc(5)
       http://www.foolabs.com/xpdf/



                                  28 May 2014                     pdftohtml(1)
